Dear Hiring Manager, 

My name is Patrick Stefaniak and I'm about to graduate from UC Santa Cruz with an MFA in Digital Art + New Media and have previously worked as a Creative Technologist designing and programming interactive installations for permanent museum exhibits. After graduating in June I am looking to relocate to LA and continue working in creative technology and, ideally, in VR or AR. That's why I was excited to see your Software Engineer listing, it would be a great opportunity to get to keep developing my skills in mixed reality development and make some fun apps. 

I've been working with Unity to make videogame art installations for 8 years now. Over that time I have made games with many different kinds of mixed reality using a variety of tools and software like Hololens, Vive, Google's Tango AR tablet, Vuforia, Spark AR, and ARKit/ARCore. I also like to consider how to create physical exhibition spaces that can bridge the gap to the digital space through lighting, projections, and objects that seem to have come straight out of the videogame. This is what I did in my MFA thesis show, CLOTH^3, where I crocheted a 1x1x1 meter cube, 3D printed a grid of 64 cubes that had been deformed through cloth simulation, and a 2 screen videogame played on touchscreen and projection, which can be seen on my portfolio at patrickjstefaniak.com/ct. 

One of my favorite experiences in working with AR so far has been the Google Tango Tablet, which sadly was discontinued. I had the chance to build some apps on it as research for how it could be used in museum exhibits. It was exciting because of its ability to remember building-scale spaces and you could accurately map digital objects to physical ones. Since the tablet was still in its beta stage, I had to come up with my own methods for successfully scanning the room and then mapping that digital model to the irl space. You can see some of these experiments on my portofolio website as well. 

I look forward to the chance to talk to you more about making exciting AR games.

Thank you for your time and consideration,
Patrick Stefaniak